---
titletext: Using an Apple account with two-factor authentication (2FA)
description: >
  Buddybuild supports direct integration with the Apple Developer Portal.
  If you are using two-factor authentication then follow this guide to connect.
---
= Using an Apple Account with Two-Factor Authentication

Connecting your Apple Developer Portal account to buddybuild allows you
to:

- link:{{readme.path}}/quickstart/apple_developer_portal.adoc[Automatically
  sync your Provisioning Profiles]

- link:{{readme.path}}/deployments/itunes_connect.adoc[Upload specific
  builds to iTunes Connect and TestFlight]

In order to enable this integration, buddybuild will require your Apple
Developer Portal credentials. If you're using two factor authentication
for your Apple Developer Account, follow this guide to connect your
account:

Get started by clicking on **App Settings**.

image:img/Builds---Settings.png["The buddybuild dashboard", 1500, 483]

In the left navigation, select **Integrations**, then **Apple Developer
Portal**.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---menu.png["The Apple Dev
Connection button", 1500, 800]

Next, select **Connect New Apple Account**.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer.png["The Connect your Apple
Developer Account screen", 1500, 800]

Enter your Apple ID and password, then select **Store Credentials.**

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---credentials.png["The Connect your
account screen", 1500, 800]


[[app-specific-password]]
== App-specific password

Since your iTunes Connect account is protected by
link:https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT204915[Two-Factor Authentication]
or link:https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT204152[Two-Step Verification],
you will now receive a verification code on your device, which you will
need to enter in buddybuild.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---2FA.png["The Two-factor
authentication screen", 1500, 630]

You also need to enter an
link:https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204397[App-Specific Password]
before deploying your app to iTunes Connect. Here's how to create an
App-Specific Password:

Log in to your link:https://appleid.apple.com/[Apple ID account]. In the
**Security** section, under **App-Specific Passwords**, click on
**Generate Password**.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---apple-account.png["The Apple
account Security screen", 1500, 392]

Label the password and click **Create**.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---generate-password.png["The Apple
account Security screen, filling in an app-specific password", 1500,
542]

Copy the resulting password.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---app-specific-password.png["The
Apple account security screen, viewing an app-specific password", 1500,
542]

Paste the password into buddybuild and click **Continue**.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---app-specific-password-field.png["The
buddybuild App-specific password screen", 1500, 691]

You can now deploy your app to iTunes Connect using the app-specific
password you just generated.


== Re-authenticating your Apple account

The verification codes Apple provides for Two-Factor Authentication and
Two-Step Verification are valid for **30 days**. You will need to
provide a new code every 30 days to continue using your Apple account in
buddybuild.

Buddybuild will send you an email before the code expires to remind you
to re-authenticate. You will also be reminded to re-authenticate in the
buddybuild dashboard.

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---2FA-prompt.png["The buddybuild
dashboard, with verification code expiry warning", 1500, 691]

Here's how to re-authenticate your Apple account:

- Click on the email link or on warning banner from the dashboard. A new
  verification code will be sent to your device

- Enter the new code in the dashboard

image:img/Settings---Apple-Developer---2FA-reenter.png["The Two-factor
authentication dialog", 1500, 691]

That's it! You're Apple Account is now connected to buddybuild. You will
be notified when it's time to re-authenticate!
