= Bitbucket Pipelines

As a back-end engineer, when you push code to the staging environment,
you want to ensure that you don’t break the mobile app. Integrating
Pipelines with buddybuild allows you to trigger automatic tests every
time you push your back-end code.

Here's how to get started!

== Step 1: Onboard your app in buddybuild

Start by signing up with buddybuild using an existing service with
**Bitbucket**.

image:img/sign_up_page-bitbucket.png[,3000,1600]

Select your app and click **build**. In a few minutes, your app will be
onboarded with buddybuild!

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---2.png[,1500,677]

Next, on the buddybuild dashboard, locate the branch you would like to
enable tests for, and select the cog icon.

image:img/Builds---Branch-Settings.png[,1500,483]

When the branch configurations window appears, click on **Test
settings** in the left navigation, then click on **Configure**.

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---4.png[,1500,607]

Turn on **Run tests**, and **select one or more simulator devices**.
Buddybuild will now recognize any tests on the branch and automatically
run them on every build!

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---4b.png[,1500,659]

== Step 2: Set up Pipelines

To trigger a build in buddybuild, you can curl the buddybuild API
endpoint. All you need is the access token and app ID. We recommend
using Environment Variables to store these two values.

In your Source directory, create a `buddybuild.sh` file, and
copy/paste the curl script below into it.

[[code-samples]]
--
[source,curl]
----
#!/bin/bash

curl -X POST -H "Authorization: Bearer $BUDDYBUILD_TOKEN" "https://api.buddybuild.com/v1/apps/$BUDDYBUILD_APPID/build"
----
--

Next, set up environment variables for the buddybuild token and
buddybuild app ID.

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---5.png[,3000,1188]

Add BUDDYBUILD_TOKEN with your account token, and BUDDYBUILD_APPID with
the App ID of your app.
link:https://apidocs.buddybuild.com/builds/post-trigger.html[Not sure
how to find it? Click here!]

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---7.png[,3000,1188]

Lastly, define your build and deployment instructions by modifying the
`bitbucketci.yml` file. Add in the additional line that references the
buddybuild.sh file to trigger a build.

image:img/Bitbucket---Pipelines---6.png[,3000,1188]

That’s all the setup that’s required! Now, whenever commits are made,
builds automatically get kicked off in Pipelines and buddybuild.
