= JIRA

JIRA is a powerful issues and project tracker used by a lot of agile
teams. Buddybuild can be configured to automatically open a JIRA issue
for each piece of feedback and crash report you receive on your app.

[NOTE]
======
**How to grant permissions for the API?**

You can read more about it here: link:https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/APPLINKS/OAuth+security+for+application+links[OAuth security for application links]
======

Start by launching the buddybuild dashboard and clicking on **App
Settings**.

image:img/Builds---Settings.png["The buddybuild dashboard", 1500, 483]

In the left navigation, select **Integrations**, then **JIRA Issues**.

image:img/Settings---JIRA-Issues---menu.png["The JIRA Issues button",
1500, 800]

Enter your **JIRA base URL** in the specified field. Take note of your
**Consumer key**, **Public key** and **Consumer callback URL,** as
you'll need it for the next step.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---1.png["The Connect your JIRA account
screen", 1500, 800]


== Edit your JIRA application configuration

Open JIRA in a new tab. Click on the **Settings** icon and select
**Applications**.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---2.png["The Administration dropdown
menu in JIRA", 1500, 800]


== Create a new application link

In the left navigation, click on **Application links**. Next, copy the
dashboard URL below into the Application URL field and click on **Create
New Link**.

[WARNING]
=========
**What if I have multiple JIRA integrations with buddybuild?**

You can append your app id to the URL, e.g.:

https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/57acc935dfda60010066a000
=========

[source,xml]
----
https://dashboard.buddybuild.com
----

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---3.png["The Configure Application
Links screen in JIRA", 1500, 800]


== Click Continue

Ignore the warning and click **Continue**.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---4.png["The Configure Application URL
dialog in JIRA", 1500, 800]


== Enter app name and continue

Use **buddybuild** as the Application Name. A new Application Link will
be created.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---5.png["The Application configuration
dialog in JIRA", 1500, 688]


== Edit the application link

Edit the newly created application link.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---6.png["The Configure Application
Links screen in JIRA", 1500, 674]


== Configure the incoming authentication

Navigate to the Incoming Authentication Section.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---7.png["The Configure application
dialog in JIRA", 1500, 491]


== Paste in your keys and callback URL

Buddybuild generates your Public Key, your Consumer Key, and the
Consumer callback URL. Navigate to buddybuild, copy the above items from
the JIRA Issues settings page and paste them into your JIRA Application.

Use **buddybuild** as the consumer name.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---8.png["The Configure application
dialog in JIRA, with details filled in", 1500, 513]


== Navigate back to buddybuild and click Connect

Now that you have JIRA configured, head back over to buddybuild and
click on **Connect JIRA account**.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---9.png["The Connect your JIRA account
screen in buddybuild", 1500, 865]


== Authorize buddybuild to connect to your JIRA

Click on the **Allow** button.

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---10.png["The JIRA application
authorization screen", 1500, 800]


== Select your JIRA project and issue type

Next, configure JIRA for Feedback and Crash Reports.  You can
automatically create issues, and set the default **project**, **type**
and **reporter** for new issues.

[NOTE]
======
**Permission to modify reporter**

By default, users without administrator privileges **cannot** modify the
reporter when creating an issue. If you want to use another reporter,
please make sure that the JIRA account you used on buddybuild has the
permission to do so -- if not, you can let the JIRA board administrator
set the permission for you in **project settings**.
======

image:img/Settings---Jira-Issues---11.png["The JIRA Issues screen",
1500, 865]

That's it! Buddybuild is now connected to your JIRA. We automatically
create an issue for every piece of feedback you receive.
