= Migrate to buddybuild's GitHub Application

[NOTE]
======
**Note**

If you signed up a GitHub account with buddybuild before **May 25th
2017** then this migration guide applies to you. Otherwise, this does
not apply to you.
======

To provide a better experience for our users we created a buddybuild
*GitHub Application*, which is an improvement over our existing *GitHub
OAuth Application*. Our newer *GitHub Application* gives teams complete
control over the repositories that buddybuild can access. You can grant
buddybuild access to a specific organization or a specific repository,
which is something that was not possible with *GitHub OAuth
Applications*. The new *GitHub Application* also means that buddybuild
can act as a helpful bot to assist in your app development.

== Why should I migrate to the new GitHub Application?

*GitHub Applications* gives teams greater control over the repositories
that buddybuild can access. You can grant buddybuild access to a
specific organization or a repository, which is something that was not
possible with *GitHub OAuth Applications*.

buddybuild can now act as a helpful bot to assist in your app
development. Right now the bot can post new GitHub Issues when your app
receives feedback and experiences crash reports. However, in the future
the buddybuild bot will be capable of much more. Up till now buddybuild
would have created GitHub Issues on behalf of a member in your team. The
buddybuild bot is part of our *GitHub App* acting as a first class
actor, and unlike a team member does not consume a user seat.

== What happens if I do not migrate to GitHub Application?

Migrating is optional. Your existing *GitHub OAuth Application* account
in buddybuild will continue to operate normally. There will be no
disruption to your service. We are maintaining support for our *GitHub
OAuth Application* for the foreseeable future.

== How to Migrate

If you are interested in the benefits of the new buddybuild *GitHub
Applications* integration, then you can use our wizard which will walk
you through the quick process of migrating your buddybuild account and
your apps to use *GitHub Applications*.

To get started go to **My Profile**, then choose
link:https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/account/github-migration[GitHub
Migration].

image:img/migrate_application.png["The GitHub Migration link",247,167]
