---
titletext: Manage access control for your mobile app repositories
description: >
  Manage your repository access control by leveraging your Git provider
  privileges, or by inviting team members directly to buddybuild.
---
= Manage App Access

There are two ways to invite team members to collaborate on your app in
buddybuild!

[NOTE]
======
**Quick links**

- link:#option1[Option 1: Automatic team member access with GitHub,
  Bitbucket or GitLab]

- link:#option2[Option 2: Invite team members through buddybuild]
======

[[option1]]
== Option 1: Automatic team member access with GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab

If you have signed up for buddybuild with
link:/quickstart/connect/github.adoc[GitHub],
link:/quickstart/connect/bitbucket.adoc[Bitbucket] or
link:/quickstart/connect/gitlab.adoc[GitLab] OAUTH, buddybuild
automatically allows repository collaborators access to your app! These
members simply need to sign up with buddybuild, and they will
automatically see the app.

First, select **App Settings** in the global navigation.

image:img/Builds---Settings.png["The Builds screen", 1500, 483]

In the left navigation, select **Manage collaborators**.

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---1.jpg["The Manage collaborators
button",1500,496]

You will find team members who have automatic collaborator access to
your app under **Synchronized from your repository**.

Select **Manage their access in GitHub (or Bitbucket or GitLab)** to
manage access for these collaborators.

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---5.jpg["The Manage collaborators
screen", 1500, 798]


=== App Access Roles

To change a team member's access level, simply specify whether they
should have 'Full Access' or 'Read-Only Access' through the Access
dropdown by the name of each collaborator.

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---6.jpg["Using the access dropdown menu
for a specific collaborator", 1500, 401]

[NOTE]
======
**Read only vs. Full Access**

Members with **Read-Only Access** are able to view the buddybuild
dashboard, click through build history, download and install builds,
sort user feedback and draw insights from crash reports. They cannot
make any changes to buddybuild's SDK settings, integrations,
notifications, or perform any app management (such as renaming or
deleting the app). They aren't able to deploy builds, upload
to the App Store, or open/close user feedback or crash reports.

Members with **‘Full Access’** in the buddybuild dashboard have complete
control over the app, including all of the app settings, kicking off or
scheduling builds, managing deployment groups and changing app and build
configurations.

Regardless of their access level, all users have the ability to manage
their user profiles as well as their organization's plan and billing
information.
======


[[option2]]
== Option 2: Invite team members through buddybuild

If you have onboarded your app with buddybuild through SSH, or if you
would like to invite someone who is not a repository collaborator in
GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab, you can manually invite them through
buddybuild.

Under **Manually invited through buddybuild**, invite one or more team
members by entering their email addresses.

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---2.jpg["Manually inviting additional
collaborators", 1500, 376]

Next to the email addresses, specify whether they should have 'Full
Access' or 'Read-Only Access' through the Access dropdown and click
**Add** when you're done.

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---2a.jpg["Adjusting the access for new
collaborators", 1500, 496]

Invited team members will receive an email invite to your app. From
there, they can **accept the invite and join the project.**

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---3.jpg["The collaboration invitation
email", 3000, 1596]

Invitees who do not have an account in buddybuild will be prompted to
create one. When that process is complete, the specific team member will
be able to access your app in buddybuild!

image:img/Settings---Manage-Team---4.jpg["The list of manually invited
collaborators", 1500, 493]
