---
titletext: How to manually upload iOS code signing certificates
description: >
  Buddybuild provides 2 ways to manage Code Signing. The easy way: automatic
  uploading certificates and auto-syncing provisioning profiles, or the manual
  way.
---
= Uploading Certificates Manually

== Step 1: Find and Export Your Code Signing Identity

Open the **Keychain Access.app** and select **Certificates** from the
sidebar.

image:img/p12-instructions-step-1.png["The Keychain application", 1540,
802]

Click your certificate to expose your **Private Key**.

image:img/p12-instructions-step-2.png["The Keychain application, with a
login certificate selected", 1540, 802]

Choose **File > Export Items…** and save your **Private Key** to a
location of your choice.

image:img/p12-instructions-step-3.png["The Keychain application
certificate Save as... dialog", 1540, 802]

Create a password for your exported `.p12` file. You’ll need to add this
password in buddybuild.

image:img/p12-instructions-step-4.png["The Keychain password prompt
dialog", 944, 652]

Go back to buddybuild. Upload your `.p12` file and enter the password
you created above.

image:img/Onboarding---manual-certs.png["The buddybuild Upload
Certificates screen", 1500, 800]


== Step 2: Upload provisioning profiles

Your provisioning profiles can be found either on your development
machine or can be downloaded directly from Apple.

On your development machine, navigate to the following path to find your
provisioning profiles.

[source,text]
----
~/Library/MobileDevice/Provisioning Profiles
----

To open this path, open Finder, and select **Go -> Go to Folder** from
the menu bar. Paste in the above path to open the folder containing your
provisioning profiles.

image:img/Screenshot-2015-11-06-17.53.25.png["Finder with the Go to the
folder dialog", 910, 633]

Upload the appropriate provisioning profiles to buddybuild.

Alternatively, you can also download your provisioning profiles directly
from Apple. Navigate to the developer Portals' **Provisioning Profile**
page. Follow the link
link:https://developer.apple.com/account/ios/profile/profileList.action[here].

image:img/Screenshot-2015-11-06-17.57.28.png["The Apple Developer
Portal, with the iOS Provisioning Profiles screen displayed", 888, 503]

Download the appropriate profile and then upload it to buddybuild.
