--- 
titletext: How to add a BitBucket repo to your mobile CI/CD process
description: >
  If your repository lives in Bitbucket, you can connect your repository
  automatically by signing in with Bitbucket, or you can also connect via SSH.
---
= Adding a Bitbucket Repository

If your repository lives in Bitbucket, you can
link:../../quickstart/bitbucket.adoc[connect your repository
automatically], or connect via SSH if you prefer.

If you prefer SSH, buddybuild will automatically generate a secure SSH
key for you to install into your source control system. Buddybuild will
use this key to clone your repository.

{% include "../../_common/important-ssh_access.adoc" %}

Let's get started!

[NOTE]
======
**Quick Links**

- link:#step1[Step 1: Enter the SSH Git Clone URL]

- link:#step2[Step 2: Add the SSH Key to Your Bitbucket Account]
======

[[step1]]
== Step 1: Enter the SSH Git Clone URL

Head over to Bitbucket and find the repository you would like to connect
with buddybuild. Within the main page of that repository, look to the
top-right for **HTTPS URL.** Click on the HTTPS dropdown menu and select
**SSH**.

image:img/select-ssh.png["A Bitbucket project screen, selecting SSH",
3000, 1138]

Highlight and copy the **SSH URL.**

image:img/copy-clone-url.png["A Bitbucket project screen, copying the
clone URL", 3000, 978]

Head over to dashboard, visit link:https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/apps/wizard/build/select-source[Select source] and choose **SSH**.

image:../img/select_source-ssh.png["The buddybuild Select source
screen", 1500, 800]

Paste the SSH URL you copied into the **Git clone URL** field.

image:img/clone-url.png["The buddybuild Connect another Git service
screen", 1500, 765]


[[step2]]
== Step 2: Add the SSH Key to Your Bitbucket Account

Highlight and copy the generated SSH key.

image:img/ssh-key.png["The buddybuild Connect another Git service
screen, with the SSH selected", 1500, 765]

Navigate to your Bitbucket Account by first selecting your account
photo, and then selecting **Settings.**

image:img/select-bitbucket-settings.png["A Bitbucket project screen,
with the user account dropdown open", 3000, 1138]

Select **SSH keys.**

image:img/select-ssh-keys.png["The Bitbucket Settings screen, clicking
the SSH keys button", 3000, 1138]

Next, select **Add key.**

image:img/click-add-key.png["The Bitbucket SSH keys screen", 3000, 978]

Enter **Buddybuild** as the title, and paste the copied SSH key into the
**key** field.

image:img/paste-ssh-key.png["The Bitbucket SSH keys screen, pasting the
buddybuild SSH key", 3000, 1600]

Next, click **Add key**.

image:img/paste-key-add-button.png["The Bitbucket SSH keys screen,
clicking the Add key button", 3000, 1544]

[WARNING]
=========
**Private git submodules and private cocoapods**

If your project depends on any code in other private git repos, the SSH
key will need to be added to those repos as well.
=========

Navigate back to buddybuild and click on the **Build** button.

image:img/build.png["The buddybuild Connect another Git service screen",
1500, 765]

Buddybuild will checkout your project code and kick off a simulator
build. The build should finish within a few seconds.

That's it. You're now connected to buddybuild. The next step is to
link:../../quickstart/ios/invite_testers.adoc[invite testers] to try out
your App.
