--- 
titletext: Using Environment Variables to store API Keys and Secrets
description: >
  Environment variables allow API keys and other secrets needed by apps at run
  time or during a build to be stored without adding them to your repo.
---
= Environment Variables

You might have API keys and other secrets that your app needs to consume
-- either at run time or during a build. However, you might not want to
check these secrets into your source code to make them available to your
app.

In order to securely propagate your credentials to your build and app,
buddybuild provides two sets of variables that you can define:

. Environment Variables (made available to your build time
  scripts, more details at
  link:custom_build_steps.adoc[Custom Build Steps])

. link:device_variables_1.adoc#step1[Device Variables] (available your
  App at run time via the buddybuild SDK)

. link:secure_files.adoc[Secure Files] (files made available to your
  build time scripts)

You can create default Environment Variables, which are available to all
branches, or branch-specific environment variables which are only
available for a specific branch.

{% include "../_common/important-environment_variable_scope.adoc" %}

[[create]]
== Creating default environment variables

Start by clicking on **App Settings**.

image:img/Builds---Settings.png["The buddybuild dashboard", 1500, 483]

In the left navigation, select **Build settings**, then the
**Environment** tab.

image:img/Settings---Environment-variables---menu.png["The Default build
configuration screen, with the Environment tab selected", 1500, 459]

In the Environment variables row, click **Configure**.

image:img/Settings---Environment-variables---configure.png["The Default
build configuration screen, clicking the Configure button for
Environment variables", 1500, 691]

Enter a name and value to create a default environment variable. Your
environment variable is now ready to be consumed by your app at build
time.

image:img/screen-settings-environment_variables.png["The Environment
Variables screen", 1280, 620, role="frame"]

== Create environment variables for a specific branch

You can also create environment variables for a specific branch by
creating a **branch-specific override**.

Under Override build configuration, click **Add a branch** and select
the branch you would like to create an environment variable for.

image:img/Settings---Variants---Branch-specific-1.png["The Override
build configuration area, with the branch selection dropdown open",
1500, 555]

Select **Environment variables** from the dropdown and click
**Configure**.

image:img/Settings---Environment-variables---Branch---configure.png["The
Override build configuration area, clicking the Configure button for the
Environment variables option", 1500, 540]

Enter a name and value to create your branch-specific environment
variable.

image:img/screen-settings-environment_variables-branch.png["The Environment
Variables screen for a specific branch", 1280, 620, role="frame"]


== Consume the variable in your build

Your environment variables will be automatically consumed by tools that
are expecting them.

[NOTE]
======
- link:#step2a[2a. Consume in your custom build scripts].

- link:#step2b[2b. Consume in Android build.gradle file].
======

[[step2a]]
== 2a. Consume in your custom build scripts.

If you would like to access them in your
link:custom_build_steps.adoc[custom build scripts], use
the bash variable expansion syntax.

[source,bash]
----
./Example.framework/run $Crashlytics_Token
----

[[step2b]]
== 2b. Consume in Android build.gradle file.

If you are building an **Android** app with **Gradle** (Android Studio),
you can also access them 2 ways inside your `build.gradle` file.

You can access them via `System.getenv()`, like this:

[source,json]
----
buildscript {
  repositories {
    jcenter()
    maven {
      credentials {
        username System.getenv("ARTIFACTORY_USERNAME")
        password System.getenv("ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD")
      }
      url System.getenv("ARTIFACTORY_URL")
    }
  }
  ...
}
----

We also put these variables inside `gradle.properties` file, so you can
access them directly like:

[source,json]
----
buildscript {
  repositories {
    jcenter()
    maven {
      credentials {
        username ARTIFACTORY_USERNAME
        password ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD
      }
      url ARTIFACTORY_URL
    }
  }
  ...
}
----

That's it! If you want to consume your variables from within your app,
follow the link:device_variables_1.adoc[Device Variables] guide.
