---
titletext: Trigger new builds for each pull request and added commit
description: >
  Buddybuild triggers a new build whenever a pull request is opened or updated,
  and whenever new commits are pushed.
---
= Pull Requests

Buddybuild triggers a new build whenever a pull request is opened and
when commits are added to an existing pull request. The commit's status
is updated in GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab so that you can tell if the
pull request is safe to merge.


== Merge commit behavior

Rather than simply building each pull request commit, instead buddybuild
builds the merge of that pull request commit and the tip of its base
branch. In other words, we build the pull request *merge commit* so that
you always know if your changes are safe to merge.

Similarly when you click on **Build Now** on an open pull request in
buddybuild we build the merge commit of the latest pull request commit
against the tip of its base branch.


== Enabling pull requests

[WARNING]
=========
**Looking for Pull Request in buddybuild?**

Pull request features are available for GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab apps
**if you have signed up with those services in buddybuild**.
=========

Visit your build settings and ensure that the **Build pull requests**
setting is enabled.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Build-pushes-and-Pull-Requests.png["The
Default build configuration screen, with the Build pull requests option
enabled", 1500, 390]

If **Build pull requests** is enabled then buddybuild builds the pull
request *merge commit* when you open a pull request and whenever you
push code to a pull request, instead of building the pull request
commit.

Otherwise, if **Build pushes** is enabled then buddybuild builds your
commit when you push code.


== Optimizing your setup

For larger teams we recommend that you enable pull requests by default
for all branches and build pushes for base branches only. This allows
your team to have the latest pull request commit status and the latest
commit status on your base branches (like *develop* and *master*), while
reducing the noise of unstable feature branches.

This can be done by ensuring that **Build pushes** is disabled by
default but enabled for each of your base branches (*develop*, *master*
and *release* for example) in the **Branch-specific configurations**.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Build-pushes-override.png["The Override
build configuration area, with Build pushes option selected", 1500, 542]


== Cross-repository pull requests

By default, cross-repository pull requests are disabled in buddybuild.
To enable this feature, first click the **configure** link beneath the
**Build pull requests** option. Then enable the **Build cross-repository
pull requests** setting in the dialog that appears.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Pull-Requests-toggle.png["The Build pull
requests toggle", 1500, 183]

Buddybuild offers two options that let you control which repositories
you would like to build pull requests from:

- If the **Build all forked repositories** setting is enabled,
  buddybuild creates a new build for all incoming pull requests,
  regardless of which organization or repository it came from.

- For fine-grained control over which repositories buddybuild builds
  pull requests for, you can disable the **Build all forked
  repositories** setting and then enable pull requests from forks that
  you trust.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Pull-Requests-forked-repos.png["The Build
all forked repositories option", 1500, 542]
