---
titletext: Testing iOS apps against the latest version of Xcode
description: >
  Buddybuild allows you to test your iOS apps against all version of Xcode,
  including the latest beta versions, without having to download them locally.
---
= Xcode Versions and Xcode Preview

All major versions of Xcode are available for use in buddybuild. The
beta versions for the latest Xcode release are also available.

== Selecting an Xcode Version

Start by clicking on **App Settings**.

image:img/Builds---Settings.png["The buddybuild dashboard", 1500, 483]

Select **Build Settings**, then the **Environment** tab, and select the
**Xcode version** from the dropdown to change the default version for
your app.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Environment-tab.png["The Default build
configuration screen, with the Environment tab selected", 1500, 657]

You can set a different version of Xcode for a specific branch. To do
this scroll down to the **Branch-specific configurations** section, add
your branch and select the Xcode version. This allows you to easily
transition Xcode versions safely in a feature branch.

image:img/Builds---Settings---Xcode---Override.png["The Override build
configuration area, specifying the Xcode version", 1500, 538]


== Xcode Preview

When we release support for the latest Xcode version, we automatically
select the last successfully-built commit of your app and build it with
the latest version to see if it works. We let you know if your app
succeeds or fails with the latest version so that you can make informed
decision before you decide to upgrade.


== Upgrade automatically

To keep your app up to date with the latest version of Xcode then you
can choose the `Latest` or `Latest stable` version from the Xcode
version dropdown.

If you select `Latest` then buddybuild updates your app to use the
latest version of Xcode (including beta releases) as soon as it is
released.

If you select `Latest stable` then buddybuild updates your app to use
the latest stable version of Xcode (not beta releases) as soon as it is
released.

We also send you a friendly notification when this happens so that this
is not a surprise.
