= Connect with Bitbucket Server

Connecting with Bitbucket Server grants buddybuild access to your
repository so that it can build your app when you push code to your
repository. Connecting also grants buddybuild API access to manage
webhooks for you, generate commit status, enables the pull request flow,
synchronizes access control for team management and more.

Each member of your team that uses buddybuild should go through this
guide to connect with Bitbucket Server. This is encouraged so that you
can take advantage of team management features.

**Prerequisite:** First make sure you have created an account with
buddybuild by signing up with link:github.adoc[GitHub],
link:bitbucket.adoc[Bitbucket], link:gitlab.adoc[GitLab] or by
link:ssh.adoc#step1[email].

[CAUTION]
====
Buddybuild rejects connecting to repositories via HTTPS that are
provisioned with self-signed certificates.

Using a self-signed certificate could make it possible for someone to
spoof your repository and inject malicious code into your builds.
====

[NOTE]
======
**Quick links: Connect with Bitbucket Server in 3 easy steps!**

- <<step1>>
- <<step2>>
- <<step3>>
======

[[step1]]
== Step 1: Install the buddybuild add-on from the Atlassian Marketplace

The following one-time setup must be done as a Bitbucket Server system
administrator.

From the Bitbucket Server dashboard click on the Administration
**setting cog**.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-1.png["A Bitbucket project page, clicking on
the Settings button", 1500, 394]

Under the **Add-ons** section, select **Find new add-ons.**

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-2.png["The Bitbucket Add-ons screen, with
Find new add-ons highlighted", 1500, 833]

Next, search for **buddybuild** and click **Install**.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-3.png["The Bitbucket Find new add-ons screen,
with the buddybuild search result displayed", 1500, 450]

The add-on should take a few seconds to install. Once the installation
is complete, you'll see the following message.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-4.png["The Bitbucket Installed and ready to
go! dialog", 1500, 786]

You can choose to remove the installation at any time by clicking
Uninstall on the Manage add-ons page.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-5.png["Configuration for the buddybuild
add-on in Bitbucket", 1500, 582]

[[step2]]
== Step 2: Generate your personal access token

Visit the buddybuild plugin settings page by clicking on **buddybuild**
in the left hand navigation. (You may need to refresh the page for this
link to appear if you have just installed the plugin).

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-6.png["The Bitbucket settings screen, focused
on the buddybuild add-on menu item", 1500, 390]

Under the section **Getting started**, click on **Connect Personal
Access Token**.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-7.png["The buddybuild add-on screen in
Bitbucket, clicking on the Generate token button", 1500, 548]

Next, generate your personal access token by clicking on **Generate
token.**

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-7.png["The buddybuild add-on screen in
Bitbucket, clicking on the Generate token button", 1500, 786]

**Copy your personal access token** and follow link:#step3[step 3] below
to connect your Bitbucket Server repository with buddybuild.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-8.png["The buddybuild add-on screen in
Bitbucket, copying the personal access token", 1500, 786]


[[step3]]
== Step 3: Connect your Bitbucket Server account

To connect your Bitbucket Server account, launch the buddybuild
dashboard and
link:https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/apps/wizard/build/select-repo[Add
a New App].

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-11.png["The buddybuild dashboard, with the
app dropdown menu open", 1500, 718]

Next, select
link:https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/apps/wizard/build/select-source[Connect
another source code provider].

image:img/First-Build---Select-Source---Gitlab-Self-hosted.png["The
Connect another source code provider panel", 1500, 689]

Select **Bitbucket Server**.

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-10.png["The Where is your source code
screen", 1500, 781]

Next, enter your Bitbucket Server endpoint and the Personal Access token
you generated in link:#step2[step 2], and click **Connect your Bitbucket
Server repository**.

[NOTE]
======
**More about your Bitbucket Server endpoint and personal access token**

Your Bitbucket Server endpoint is the hostname part of the URL when you
visit your repositories in Bitbucket Server. Copy the hostname part of
your Bitbucket Server server URL, which often looks something like
`git.mycompany.com`. If your server uses a non-default HTTPS port, then
please also copy the port part of the URL. For example,
`git.mycompany.com:1234`.

**Do you have a private DNS?** +
Your Bitbucket Server hostname must be publicly addressable on the
internet. If you use private DNS for your Bitbucket Server installation,
then you can use the IP address of the server instead.

**Do you have a firewall configured?** +
If your network infrastructure restricts inbound access over HTTPS from
a set of IP addresses, then you may need to whitelist the IP addresses
used by the buddybuild fleet. Please contact us for the latest CIDR
range used by buddybuild.

**Create a personal access token** +
Review link:#step2[Step 2] to create your personal access token.
======

image:img/Bitbucket-Server-13b.png["The Connect with Bitbucket Server
screen", 1500, 829]

The dialog should close and display a list of your repositories. At this
point you have successfully completed connecting buddybuild with
Bitbucket Server!
